You think I woke up like this.
with this amazing guy whose skin is not right
Not a woman except in the novel wakes up.
with beautiful skin that way I want
show you how to make this skin
in an easy and fast way to process
all the days of his life and it seemed
so the beautiful coordinator
I'll start with a bikini is a
new product category that will
replace all those products that
Do you spend every day to make your
skin
so the next one we do first
moisturizer and sunscreen base
all this to make your skin beautiful and
we started here then the idea is to use
bikini to prepare the skin all
days to people who do not have time a
incredible skin very fast
this is the bikini, choose a color for me
of course I'd rather always use in the center
of the face first because in general where
has more woman meets coloration has
all red noses of a boat and
another one you can work on
O with it so that deposits more
product and is already helping corrective
is the next step
try using that finger or the one in the
applying time that arises is
so much strength
the idea is to drag but not take
completely the product you have to go
slowly and gently for those who have the
very heavy hand would recommend a brush
the goal comes in is not all
world that needs but I always believe
that I have committed and dignity because you
with a much better face than starting from
inner corner of the eyes here
this is banking on tapping the
blush and I do not want it to look like this
blush
you can have multiple colors but it's cool
always orange and pink to look like
the natural robot and I'll wear it high up
of the apples and will chuckle like that
You will find where the buchecha
get up and limit this snack
as if it were a natural robot mask
lashes for me is a key item
makeup after clear skin
but he gives a finish left everything
more feminine and more beautiful I chose the
with a definition mask that with
this look more natural but flash it goes
let the lashes well apart and more
cleaner than a full- face mask
when you make a hair brush and
does not pull down with the mask
Eyelashes the same thing you pull the eyelashes
Up to complete the look.
I will now button to choose a tone nude
the superstar is the lipstick that does not come out
dies and does not stain
Can you pass and calm wait?
ceccato doing now
following pass a palm that is
another side of the lipstick gives extra comfort
along the day
It's not just the step-by-step makeup
focused on beautiful fresh skin and
for those who liked the tips and the
only subscribe to the channel for
always receive news that asks
Down here, there's no comment .
They know more obliged saw